/* Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages.
 * How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#? Write in a text file called  “programming-languages.txt”  
 * at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English */


1. C#
	C# is a multi-paradigm language developed by Microsoft as part of its .NET initiative. Combining principles from C and C++,
	C# is a general-purpose language used to develop software for Microsoft and Windows platforms.

2. C++
	 C++ is an intermediate-level language with object-oriented programming features, originally designed to enhance the C language.
	 C++ powers major software like Firefox, Winamp and Adobe programs. It's used to develop systems software, application software,
	 high-performance server and client applications and video games.

3. Java
	Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language developed by Sun Microsystems in the 1990s.
	It's one of the most in-demand programming languages, a standard for enterprise software, web-based content,
	games and mobile apps, as well as the Android operating system. Java is designed to work across multiple software platforms,
	meaning a program written on Mac OS X, for example, could also run on Windows.

4. PHP
	PHP (Hypertext Processor) is a free, server-side scripting language designed for dynamic websites and app development.
	It can be directly embedded into an HTML source document rather than an external file, which has made it a popular programming language
	for web developers. PHP powers more than 200 million websites, including Wordpress, Digg and Facebook. 

5. Pyton
	Python is a high-level, server-side scripting language for websites and mobile apps. It's considered a fairly easy language for beginners
	due to its readability and compact syntax, meaning developers can use fewer lines of code to express a concept than they would
	in other languages. It powers the web apps for Instagram, Pinterest and Rdio through its associated web framework, Django,
	and is used by Google, Yahoo! and NASA.

6.JavaScript
	JavaScript is a client and server-side scripting language developed by Netscape that derives much of its syntax from C. 
	It can be used across multiple web browsers and is considered essential for developing interactive or animated web functions.
	It is also used in game development and writing desktop applications. JavaScript interpreters are embedded in Google's Chrome extensions,
	Apple's Safari extensions, Adobe Acrobat and Reader, and Adobe's Creative Suite.

7. SQL
	Structured Query Language (SQL) is a special-purpose language for managing data in relational database management systems.
	It is most commonly used for its "Query" function, which searches informational databases. SQL was standardized by
	the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in the 1980s.  